Our victory is imminent!
On this day, history is written,
and we will achieve
our greatest triumph!
[AMIDONIAN TROOPS cheer]
[HAKUYA] The Principality of
Amidonia is invading.
30,000 of their troops
are moving through
the Ursula
Mountain pass.
From what I see,
based on their movements,
Gaius intends to occupy the
southwestern city of Altomura.
This land has fine,
hearty grain.
Not even the Forbidden Army's
troops could eat it all,
eh, Weist?
[WEIST]
R‐Right! Without question!
And soon it'll be yours!
Altomura has no intention
of defying you!
Basically, you'll
surrender the city to us?
[WEIST]
Y‐Yes!
We have no other option but to
implore Your Highness's mercy.
[GAIUS] If you want it,
then open your gates at once.
[WEIST] I would love to
more than anything,
but before we do, if you could
wait just a bit longer.
[GAIUS]
What for?
The city is split between
those who wish to surrender
and those who will fight
to the last man.
That is why I have come here,
to grovel at Your Highness's
feet, begging for his favor!
As if we couldn't take Altomura
any time we wanted,
whether you're able
to sway public opinion.
[WEIST] True!
There's not a doubt in my mind,
but there are fools inside
who fail to understand.
I trust Your Highness does
not wish to lose any soldiers
to the likes of them!
If you will guarantee
my life, I promise you!
I promise you I will
make the stronghold
see the light of reason!
[JULIUS] Wisdom states that
it takes five times as many
soldiers to seize
an enemy fortress.
What if we do as he says?
There's no need to compromise
our troops without reason.
Very well.
If you will surrender
your stronghold,
I guarantee the safety
of all those within.
[WEIST] My benevolent lord!
Thank you so much!
[GAIUS] Once the gates
are open, the city is ours,
then I'll hang that rat's
head in front of the gates
for everyone to see.
What are you so worried about?
Carmine has 40,000 men.
Meanwhile, this King Souma
has no more than 10,000.
He's hopelessly outmatched‐‐
I doubt he'll be able
to send them any reinforcements.
[ENEMY SOLDIERS yelling]
[HALBERT]
Damn it!
They're coming at us a little
hard, don't you think?
[KAEDE]
What were you expecting, Hal?
Put yourself in their shoes.
They woke up this morning
and found a fortress
appeared overnight.
It's only natural that
they would panic.
[HALBERT]
I guess.
Gotta admit, when I heard
about this Sunomata Project,
I was surprised, myself.
You have to hand it
to His Majesty.
As soon as talks with the
Three Dukes broke down.
he ordered all 10,000
from the Forbidden Army
to mobilize.
I wouldn't have thought
that we could take up
position outside Randel Castle
that same day, though.
[KAEDE]
You're not alone.
But that's Tomoe's rhinosaurus
land train for you.
Not to mention we had
the advantage of using
His Majesty's genius
two‐by‐four system.
The specs for the fort's
materials were standardized,
and then mass‐produced
at the capital ahead of time.
All that time we spent
constructing roads and a city
really came in handy
getting this thing built.
Kinda miss being on the
wrecking crew, though!
[ENEMY SOLDIERS gasp]
[HALBERT]
That's another down!
[KAEDE]
Look out, Hal!
The enemy is bringing
in heavy artillery!
[HALBERT]
Huh?
This is pretty bad, isn't it?
[KAEDE] That's a bit
of an understatement.
My anti‐magic reinforcement
only works against spells
and flame‐based attacks.
Hopefully Roman concrete
and dirt walls stand up‐‐
[blast]
[KAEDE]
They're breaking through!
How are we supposed
to stop them?
[HALBERT] Oh, we are in
trouble if you're asking me
what we should do!
You're positive there's nothing
you can do with your magic?
[KAEDE]
Stop yelling at me!
I practically used all of it up
building the blasted fort!
Easier than shooting a falcon.
Hardly a challenge.
And who are you, now?
Forgive me. I didn't
introduce myself.
I've come here from the
God‐Protected Forest.
You may call me Sur.
I remember you
from the landslide.
Thanks to you, my daughter‐‐
[blast]
I never got to say thank
you, which I regretted.
But then my daughter said
she wanted to be like you.
That's not the
worst part, though.
She went on to tell me
how she wants to join
the Forbidden Army
and the great Halbert.
You can imagine my
annoyance at hearing that.
[LUDWIN]
Open the gate!
Our targets are
the three cannons!
As for the enemy soldiers,
pay no mind to them.
Do not get in too deep!
Your only focus should be
destroying the artillery!
[SOLDIERS yell]
[LUDWIN]
Come on!
Let's show these traitors the
Royal Guard is more than
just a bunch of pretty faces!
Torch the cannon!
[KAEDE]
Are you seeing this?!
[HALBERT] They've got the
other two burning now!
[KAEDE] And just in
the nick of time, too!
[laughing]
[HALBERT]
I wasn't worried.
[BEOWULF] All three of the
cannons were destroyed.
[NOBLEMAN C]
What a sad day!
Seeing the great Georg's
army turned to a pack
of spineless cowards!
[BEOWULF] That's rich, coming
from a corrupt aristocrat
whose only talent is
in amassing wealth.
[NOBLEMAN A] I trust you
haven't lost your nerve.
Or have you?
You think there's anyone
capable of intimidating me?!
I'm doubting you
understand the situation.
The enemy are a mere 10,000,
while we are 40,000 strong.
Why would we ever need
to force our attack?
They're outnumbered,
but if that is the case,
should we not wipe out their
forces in one fell swoop?
You attempted the same
strategy and were routed,
if you remember.
You even took cannons with you,
of which we are now down three.
[NOBLEMAN B] Uh, and we
are truly sorry about that.
And there's no sign Souma
is even in that fort.
[NOBLEMAN D] Duke Carmine,
how can you be sure?
Since the fort was erected,
their army has been
on the defensive.
If he were in our position,
he would have made
some sort of move by now.
No. He is definitely
on the move.
The question is where,
and we must lure him out.
Do you mean to tell us
you're planning on using
the soldiers inside
the fort as bait?
[GEORG] You men must
be spent from the battle.
This fight will not be over
in only a day or two.
I suggest taking tomorrow to
rest and regain your strength.
[SOLDIERS chatter]
Beowulf. Is all prepared
as I've asked?
Affirmative. Everything's ready.
[laughs]
Figures. What would you
expect from a rat?
Prepare to attack at once!
We will lay siege to the‐‐?
[SOLDIERS yelling]
What am I hearing?
[SOLDIER A] Forgive me,
but the Lord of Altomura,
Weist Garreau, requests an
urgent audience with you.
‐‐[GAIUS] Let him through!
‐‐[SOLDIER A] Yes, sir!
[WEIST]
I am terribly sorry, my lord!
[GAIUS]
Explain yourself!
You promised me that you would
have the stronghold's gates
open by now!
The holdouts have
become more stubborn,
and it's taking longer than
expected persuading them
to surrender!
[GAIUS]
What? You lied to me!
I don't want to hear
any excuses!
I'll lop off your head and
make you an example
to everyone behind those walls!
[WEIST] Before you do, I wish to
inform you that the shouting
you just heard coming from
Altomura were the war cries
of the do‐or‐die resistance
faction I mentioned earlier!
Father, in a battle against
soldiers who are prepared
to fight to the death, our
losses would be far too great.
I could not have
put it better myself!
Yes, I've failed you, but
perhaps I can make up for it!
Please accept this, my lord!
Gold dust! I wish I had more!
Also, if I may ask Your
Highness's generosity?
[GAIUS] I accept your
offering, reluctantly.
But what do you mean
by my generosity?
Tomorrow! Tomorrow at midday.
See that tree?
When its shadow reaches here,
they will surrender!
Until then, I beg you to
refrain from attacking the city!
I promise that this time
I will be able to convince
the holdouts that surrendering
is the only choice!
[JULIUS] Father, why don't we
take Weist at his word?
And show some
magnanimity this one time?
Very well.
We will refrain from attacking
until noon tomorrow.
But if the gates are
not opened by then,
we will take the city by force.
[WEIST]
Thank you! Thank you!
Leave it to me!
I can convince them to
open the gate for you, sir!
Are you sure this is the
wisest course, Excel‐‐
Ahem. I mean, Duchess Excel?
With that much gold
at our disposal,
we could have hired a whole
division of mercenaries
from Zem.
Until someone offered
them more money.
What good is loyalty
that can be bought?
At the moment, I'm engaging
three different foes.
Time is my only ally.
If I can buy a little extra with
gold, it will not be missed.
But hopefully that
much is obvious,
otherwise, you're
nothing but a child.
[WEIST] I must say, this new
king is quite daunting,
sending you to act as his
personal messenger.
[EXCEL] Out of the blue,
he says, "Go to Altomura."
He really is a slave driver.
[WEIST] I'll wager that Duke
Vargas and Duke Carmine
had no idea that you were
attending the conference
from here.
Masterfully done.
[EXCEL]
Not just them. Gaius, as well.
It takes three days to get
here from Lagoon City.
Three nonstop days.
Souma doesn't mind
driving the elderly ragged.
[WEIST] Funny how you
play the "elderly" card
only when it suits you.
I get a free pass.
But I forbid anyone else from
ever mentioning it to me.
By the way, Duchess Excel.
I was only able to buy us
till noon tomorrow‐‐
will that be enough time?
I'm sure it will be.
For if His Majesty doesn't
make his move by then,
it won't matter.
We'll have to die like heroes
inside this stronghold.
[HALBERT]
Whoo...
[HALBERT] H‐Hey, Kaede.
What's wrong with you?
[KAEDE chuckles]
Nothing. I'm acting this way
'cause I'm happy.
You're kidding. And why is that?
I suppose because I have
you here beside me, Hal.
It all comes down to
today and tomorrow.
If we can get through this.
What do you mean "if"?
[KAEDE]
I'm hoping things work out.
Here, and with everything
we face down the road.
[HALBERT] Hey, don't start
doubting now after all we've
gone through.
We made it this far, might as
well see it through to the end.
Good point.
You'll be sure to
protect me, right?
[SOLDIERS yell]
[HALBERT]
Finally, a breather.
The enemy's dropping
their attack.
I don't see any mercenaries
from Zem down there.
[HALBERT] I told you to
keep your head down!
Huh. If they're changing
troop formations,
there is a possibility
the enemy's digging in
for a more drawn‐out battle.
That would make life
a little easier for us.
[KAEDE] Always stay light on
your feet during combat, Hal,
or the rug will be pulled
out from under you.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
Prepare to launch our assault.
Messenger!
Alert all units that we are now
beginning our
attack on Altomura!
[LOOKOUT A] Multiple wyverns
approaching from the sky
to the east!
[HALBERT]
Huh?
[LOOKOUT A]
It's the air force!
Duke Vargas sent
them reinforcements!
Is this what the ground forces
have been waiting for?
[TOLMAN]
Yes, my lord?
Let's hear it.
How's the evacuation of
the citizens going, Tolman?
I'm pleased to report
it's complete.
As of now, the only ones
remaining in Red Dragon City
are the air force personnel,
as well as members
of the Vargas household.
[CASTOR]
Very well.
I'm glad to hear that.
Who knows what King
Souma is planning?
He's quite resourceful
for his age.
[TOLMAN] Are you having a
change of heart about him?
[CASTOR]
Yes, indeed I am.
Better late than never, eh?
[TOLMAN] Another item worth
mentioning is we have been
receiving requests from
air force units
from across the country,
asking to join your side.
[CASTOR]
Turn them all down.
I won't have them sharing
in my obstinacy.
[TOLMAN] I had a feeling you
would take that stance.
Are you not joining up
with Duke Carmine?
I don't mind fighting
alongside him.
I'm not about to stand
shoulder to shoulder
with those corrupt
nobles he's taken in.
There's no turning back now,
nor do I intend to.
All that remains is showing
my mettle as leader
of the air force.
Do I go out in a blaze of glory,
or chew through their flank
like a viper instead?
[TOLMAN] According to the
reports, the 10,000 knights
from the Forbidden Army
are headed toward
the Carmine Duchy.
While it is unclear whether
or not King Souma
is with them, it appears that
he has no additional troops
to send here.
[CASTOR]
So he's completely ignoring us.
[TOLMAN]
You have only a hundred knights,
so disregarding you
seems highly likely.
[CASTOR]
That's impossible.
Souma's smartest play
would be to defeat me first,
then assume control over
the air force and use them
for a showdown
with Duke Carmine.
[TOLMAN]
However,
if we're being realistic, the
man has no manpower to spare.
We don't know for certain.
He may deploy a strategy
we'd never think of.
[CARLA] Father! Souma's
force has been spotted!
[CASTOR]
They're here? How many?
[CARLA]
That's just it.
They brought a ship.
A what?
[CARLA]
Father!
The Battleship Albert
is heading this way!
[CASTOR] They put wheels on it
and are dragging it overland?!
Is he planning on throwing
away his flagship here?!
[SOUMA]
I didn't have any choice.
I've already got a shortage
of military strength as it is.
Duke Vargas. A letter from Souma
arrived, requesting conference
via Gemstone Broadcast.
Apologies for the
hasty arrangement.
Out with it.
Why have you brought
the Albert this far inland?
Isn't it obvious?
To lay siege to the Red
Dragon City, of course.
[CARLA]
The Albert! It's shooting at us!
Incoming fire!
[CASTOR]
Not bad at all!
This truly was a failure of
imagination on my part.
I take it you have an affinity
for spectacles, Duke Vargas.
[CASTOR]
You better be careful, Souma.
You're in danger of becoming
a better king than I expected.
You could make things easier
for us by standing down.
Surrendering at this point
would be disgraceful,
especially after the
show you put on.
I see. That truly
is a shame then.
Have it your way.
Carla! Silence those
cannons for good!
Right!
Souma.
If you really have what
it takes to be king,
come and prove
you're better than me.
But don't expect any mercy.
[CARLA]
Start the attack!
Our target's the
Battleship Albert!
King Souma's on board!
Find and capture him!
He underestimated us!
Let's show him
House Vargas's valor!
[AIR FORCE yells]
Here we go!
Prepare to drop the bombs!
Fan out and evade!
[AIR SOLDIER A]
Repeating bolt‐throwers?
[AIR SOLDIER B]
Impossible!
That's a fixed‐base
defensive weapon!
[CARLA] The kind you only
see defending bases
from air assaults.
He's subverting all
our expectations!
Dammit, what're we
supposed to do now?
[AIR SOLDIER C] The only option
we have is to attack the enemy
in their blind spot, my lady!
It looks like the ship's wheels
were hastily constructed.
That's where it's
most vulnerable.
Right. Then we'll approach by
flying at ultra‐low altitude.
Did you hear that?
I want all units to move in now!
Neutralize the cannons,
bolt throwers,
and any other weapons
it has in its arsenal!
[AIR SOLDIER D] But wouldn't
it be quicker to pulverize
‐‐the bridge?
‐‐Don't you dare!
Princess Liscia
could be in there!
Destroying its weaponry
will suffice, understood?
And make sure you
take Souma alive!
[AIR FORCE]
Understood!
[CARLA]
We have to.
Otherwise, if we kill him,
Liscia will likely
be devastated.
But if that's a concern,
I should have tried
talking father out of this.
Which means...
...I should have supported
Souma when I had the chance.
Well, too late for that now.
[CARLA]
It's far too quiet down there.
[AIR SOLDIER E] We still haven't
found any enemy soldiers.
[CARLA] Somebody had to be
controlling those cannons.
[AIR SOLDIER F] Below deck, we
found what looks to be an empty
suit of armor,
but the only thing inside
was this puppet hand!
[CARLA] All of you,
hurry back to the castle!
[AIR SOLDIER C] But we
haven't located King Souma!
[CARLA] Because he
was never on the ship!
This was all just a trick‐‐
a ploy to lure us away!
[AIR SOLDIER C]
When you say lure away,
you don't mean his
real objective was‐‐
[CARLA] Taking Red Dragon
City, where Father is.